isrc.iscas.ac.cn/brainstorm-official                          latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/caffe-official                               cpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/caffe-official                               gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/caffe-official                               intel
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/caffe-official                               intel_multinode
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/caffe2-official                              gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/caffe2-official                              snapshot-py2-cuda8.0-cudnn7-ubuntu16.04
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/caffe2-official                              snapshot-py2-cuda9.0-cudnn7-ubuntu16.04
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/caffe2-official                              snapshot-py2-gcc5-ubuntu16.04
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/chainer-official                             latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/chainer-official                             latest-intel
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/chainer-official                             latest-intel-python2
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/chainer-official                             latest-intel-python3
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/chainer-official                             latest-python2
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/chainer-official                             latest-python3
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/cntk-official                                2.6-cpu-python2.7
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/cntk-official                                2.6-cpu-python3.5
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/cntk-official                                2.6-gpu-python2.7-cuda9.0-cudnn7.0
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/cntk-official                                2.6-gpu-python3.5-cuda9.0-cudnn7.0
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/cntk-official                                gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/cntk-official                                latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/deeplearning4j-official                      gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/deeplearning4j-official                      latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/deeplearning4j-official                      latest-cuda-8.0
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/deeplearning4j-official                      latest-gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/digits-official                              latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/docker-official                              ubuntu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/dynet-official                               i686
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/dynet-official                               x86_64
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/keras-official                               latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/lasagne-official                             latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/mace-dev-lite-official                       latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/mace-dev-official                            latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/mlpack-official                              latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/mxnet-official                               gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/mxnet-official                               latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/neon-ipython-official                        latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/neon-mkl-official                            latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/neon-official                                cuda-7.5
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/neon-official                                cuda-8.0
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/neon-official                                latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/neuraltalk2-official                         latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/onnx-official                                cpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/onnx-official                                gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/onnx-official                                latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/paddle-official                              gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/paddle-official                              latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/paddle-official                              latest-gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/portainer-official                           latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/pylearn2-official                            latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/pytorch-official                             1.0-cuda10.0-cudnn7-devel
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/pytorch-official                             1.0-cuda10.0-cudnn7-runtime
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/pytorch-official                             gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/pytorch-official                             latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/pytorch-official                             nightly-devel-cuda10.0-cudnn7
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/pytorch-official                             nightly-devel-cuda9.2-cudnn7
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/pytorch-official                             nightly-runtime-cuda10.0-cudnn7
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/pytorch-official                             nightly-runtime-cuda9.2-cudnn7
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/sonnet-official                              cpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/sonnet-official                              gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/sonnet-official                              latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/sonnet-official                              py36-cpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/sonnet-official                              py36-cu90
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorflow-official                          gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorflow-official                          latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorflow-official                          latest-gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorlayer-official                         cpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorlayer-official                         gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorlayer-official                         latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorlayer-official                         latest-cpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorlayer-official                         latest-cpu-py2
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorlayer-official                         latest-cpu-py3
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorlayer-official                         latest-gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorlayer-official                         latest-gpu-py2
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tensorlayer-official                         latest-gpu-py3
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/theano-official                              cuda-7.5
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/theano-official                              cuda-8.0
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/theano-official                              latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/torch-official                               cuda-7.5
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/torch-official                               cuda-8.0
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tvm-official                                 ci-cpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tvm-official                                 ci-gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tvm-official                                 ci-i386
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tvm-official                                 ci-lint
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tvm-official                                 demo-cpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/tvm-official                                 demo-gpu
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/ubuntu-official                              latest
isrc.iscas.ac.cn/xgboost-official                             latest
